T6721: add documentation for global syslog config options (#1548)
vyos/vyos-documentation: docs/configuration/system/syslog.rst

file on your VyOS installation itself, a serial console or a remote syslog
server which is reached via :abbr:`IP (Internet Protocol)` UDP/TCP.

Global
------

> .. cfgcmd:: system syslog global interval <number>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. cfgcmd:: system syslog global marker interval <number>
```

The command is wrong, missing the `marker` option.

Author: Thanks, updated the commit

> Specify when mark messages are to be written to output modules, specified in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interval (in seconds) for sending mark messages to the syslog input to indicate that the logging system is functioning.
```

It's rarely a good idea to copy upstream docs verbatim. VyOS docs don't explain what mark messages are anywhere else, so if someone doesn't know, this description wouldn't help them.
